WORKING NOW:

#I will change get_action function
Get_best_path function doesn't work for atchers ranged attack, because an archer might not be able to go there, only attack

don't care about archer for now, I want to make my code better and transfer the move, attack and foritfy functions to the entities themselves.
We will do it very simply for now. Only display attackable troops from the position you are standing. I am not calculating everything you can attack with movement included.
so you have to move first, then from that position will show if you can attack or not
Move the fortify, and other actions to the entities Probably
I can add terrain modifier to the troop as attribute so I can store it on the troop,
so I can have the attack function on the troop

I have to update reachable pos somehow. The position might not be reachable, but the archer could still be able to attack it.




Implementing arher class
Making a base class for all entities
I can add draw class to the entities so the tile can just call the draw

HIGH PRIORITY:

After my move it is extremely slow, find out why (only for interactable mode, not human)

ADD UNIT TESTS to test observation and edge cases (out of map, no moves, etc...)

MEDIUM PRIORITY:

If I have 0.5 movement and the cost is 10 movement I will still move there, have to fix that 

observations could return a value with row and col, instead of the whole grid? could save time, becasue most of the time most of the grid will be empty

Change attackable tiles to red color

After getting movable tiles, go through them and get all attackable tiles within range

Cities also suffer and help from combat statistic (update hp power loss)
CHECK IT BECAUSE WITH CURRENT CALCULATIONS IT GETS A +10 COMBAT BONUS AT FULL HP, THAT'S STUPID

Instead of attack animation I could just highilght the square which is attacking and which is defending in the current step? Could be nice

Document my code how it was documented professionally in the video
Hard to see anythign when unit is in the city
Try to make the environment deterministic (use the seed)
Probably I can make a HUD at the bottom, when you click on a troop it shows all info at the bottom
The troop can show general health (healthbar), but when clicked should also show the number
Do animations between moves and attacks so can tell what is going on and troops don't just magically teleport
Probably I can just use a 1D array for observations
Return unprocessed observations so the user can do whatever they want
Different Terrain
Terrain, Health, combat etc. buffs and DEBUFFS

Probably move the render functions somewhere else?
Make troop and building have the same parent class (x, y, health ,power) etc.. and then inherit
add healing when fortified
Just go through the wiki and add everything about combat 
Add unit training




LOW PRIORITY:

Package my project later

Why Box obs doesn't accept some shapes? (I guess doesn't except not perfect square)
Make the code better
a lot of the functions should be made private.

Prallelize training of model with vector env? (check how to do it)

Reward depending on damage dealt/taken?
Reward needs to be reworked (The player is punished for fortifying because there is minus reward for enemy attacking your troops, but it shouldn't be punished)
Observations are too complicated, try to make them easier, the game is not that complicated to have hundreds or thousands of observations
make the AI to just attack everythign in sight
train a model and put it as the enemy
